Adds links to ID providers in reference/metadata (#247)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/reference/metadata.md

that is aligned with DataCite's Metadata Schema v4.x with minor additions
and modifications.

> > Throughout this document, Datacite schema properties are referred to 
> > for the reader's convenience (*e.g.*, "*2. Creator in DataCite*"), 
> > the corresponding (*Datacite*) document can be found under <https://schema.datacite.org/>.
> > More specifically, for the latest v4 schema version (currently, v4.4):
> > <https://schema.datacite.org/meta/kernel-4.4/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info Datacite references

    This document refers to Datacite schema properties for the reader's convenience (e.g., "*2. Creator* in DataCite"). The corresponding Datacite document can be found under <https://schema.datacite.org/>. The currently supported version is [v4.3](https://schema.datacite.org/meta/kernel-4.3).
```

Author: Awesome! Thanks for the review.

Supported creator identifier schemes:

- [ORCID][]
- [GND][]
- [ISNI][]
- [ROR][]

Supported affiliation identifier schemes:

- [ISNI][]

> - [ROR][]

Reviewer: Neat! I didn't know about this syntax.
